[KAP] identity providers topic (#4546)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kaptain/2.1.0/release-notes/2.1.0/index.md

## New features and capabilities

> ### Support for Active Directory as an identity provider

Reviewer: this release note entry looks good ✅

> ### Support for Active Directory as an identity provider

Author: ```suggestion
### Limit access to Kaptain by establishing a list of allowed groups with your identity provider
```

Reviewer: Looks good ✅ 
worth adding "optionally" up front? "Optionally restrict..."
just a recommendation, don't know what's more adequate here

> You can authenticate users and user groups in Kaptain by [setting up an identity provider][ident] of your choice. From this release on, it is possible to use Microsoft's Active Directory to limit and control access to users in your Kaptain instance.

Author: ```suggestion
You can authenticate and enable users and user groups to access Kaptain by [setting up an identity provider][ident] of your choice. From this release on, you can further limit access to specific and pre-established groups of your identity provider.  
```
